hello I'm simone pepper and today
for peter tv in hockenheim on the way
do not be the same with marcus walz
Meet every custom bike scene
he knows comes to these names
actually not over is one
real office in the scene has that
so-called recs frame invented what that
is that if you still know today and
we will know that markus knows one
real friend is
to meet
I already say hardcore cycles above
real history is for example
that soon that brad pitt for three months
had I borrowed him as
he or his wife in the
Czech prague turned that was back then
my own motorcycle her and
shining in the short term
Imagine if that is
talk about one or the other as well
on the future
meanwhile the analogy for example
james hetfield of metallica 50 cents and
Maintain the whole race driver mainly
which are actually my favorites
especially in Iran, we were really
there is really great
here are so to speak now in the
workshop and that is already so far
as it is in the raw state sixth
here can at least explain exactly
So what's different is sitting position
realized that I sat on it is a whole
is another song on the frame that was exactly
actually the primary feature and im
same frame of sitting position too
another primary feature is
altogether the wheelbase of that of the
motorcycles days much longer
looks like if you can
look almost finished machine here
really the complete difference
his hd so there is nothing with glamor
and kangaroo but a very exactly
that is mainly the whole
Grohmann components are usually on it
are
so will the footpegs or here the
forget all black plastic
coated what are you doing now ?
Customer comes and says I really want to
totally cool does not set colleague
definitely on so generally croc
ostrich leather and leather weeks what
the whole thing is quite popular at the end
all scene
I definitely reject that from myself
we have a special one here
alcantara leather alcantara travel
Synthetic leather is especially used in racing
use the whole race seats and
All our seats are made of leather
made here the eyes quite expensive
rest but as I said is an artificial leather
and that's the way we are
to relate the seats
there can come who wants to do it
only this year so many
famous dirty work
Of course, a few now
there
now markus have become
businessman is experiencing us all the time
pretty much in a private setting with you too
Home and I already have a big one
animal lover announced markus has some
Seen there were you with dog
your side yesterday this is my tip
Tonga was 15 years old at the time
set in february he died
pitbull pitbull male and weighs 15 years
that was by my side, I say
times and that's less me myself
no children
it was like a kid in that for me
something was missing or if we were somewhere
If I realize then it's fine then
I immediately looked what is or what
I have to make then it comes to me
not every animal whether it is a dog or
or a cat or something
Feel like a human can then
feeling pain can be sad
be funny and people can
if it matters, that will help
Of course, animals can not do that if I do
then on television the insane
Reports from these
transporting animals or these
this one of these battle process and what
do not know what are all things really
the manager starts me back
Summary has prompted no
meat more
So I think it's great the show
to really pursue it consistently like you
do that how does that happen in the scene
there are very different
but reactions are for the most part
we of course negative because specifically in
you have to go to the so-called bio sector
Of course, that's the cliché of the hat
man asked and if there is someone
turns up visually the budget
But in reality it even corresponds
Not
for example, this cliché lives
I'm on a show after-party now
at special events on his
show
there are for the most part the largest
Part always gives some ochs am
spit or or suckling pig and so on
it's not enough for me to just sit there
would not eat anything from it then
I actually do not want to be there
here at this celebration then and then am
I'm the first one who turns around
and what can I do?
We had first line as a thing
others think about me because nobody will
forced to eat any meat
or leather jackets or five
all the little pigs to eat and
anyone can actually be carried
very easily contribute to the behavior
sorry for animals and pain
I would not have thought it more beautiful
It is a thank you
markus thank you very much for making a small one
I have granted insight into his life
I'm curious what to continue
Of course, many want to be heard
succeed and of course have
thank you very much the duo peter
feel supported then any time